This summer vacation has finally arrived
We can all finally get a good night's sleep
Let's celebrate here today
Lin Yi
Most of the Xu family's industries have been acquired by you
It seems that you are firmly in the position of the richest man in Jiangcheng
Hahaha is not only the richest man in Jiangcheng
It's a pity that bastard Xu Hou didn't go in
Cheaper, what's wrong?
It seems that Xuchang said he was well prepared
Take all the blame on yourself
But even if you don't catch the eagle
He is also a waste
Did you catch the hot pot?
Not yet.
Police investigation He is still in the police
Hey, it hurts for a crazy dog to bite
Everyone be careful lately
You are not well
My little snow and child are gone
How did that happen?
Today, Xiaoxue's family suddenly came
Said to see Xiaoxue's child
I thought they had a good attitude, so I didn't stop them
Said to go for a stroll in the park outside the hospital
As a result, the person disappeared